README.md, before:

# Scrapper for reddit.com

---
## What does it use?
- **Python 3.8**
- **PostgreSQL**, **Psycopg2**
- **Selenium**
- **BeautifulSoup**
- **Git**

## How to install?

---

1. ```$ git clone https://github.com/kurama720/iTechArtLab.git```  
2. Download _chromedriver.exe_ here _https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads_. Choose version according to your
**Chrome** version.  
3. Put driver in _iTechArt/scrapper_ directory.
4. If Windows user, copy an absolute path to driver and write in selenium_driver.py.
5. Install requirements.

## How it works?

---
Parses **reddit.com** with _BeautifulSoup_ and _Selenium_. Searches for given amount of posts in category _Top ->
This Month_. Pulls such info as: _post URL_, _author's username_, _author's karma_, _cake day_, _post karma_,
_comment karma_, _post date_, _number of comments_, _number of votes_ and _post category_. Also assigns a _unique id_
for each record with _uuid_. Posts data on server.  
Scrapping takes ~15 minutes.  
Creates API service processing request methods as GET, POST, PUT, DELETE and containing all the pulled records.  
Divides posted data on author data and post data, then saves it into two tables author and post tables accordingly.

## How to run?
---
Type your _username_, _password_ to PostgreSQL and existing _database_ in directory _database/db_connection.py_
in _create_database()_ function to connect to database server. Type _username_ and _password_ again into
_create_connection()_ function.

To run server execute this in the folder iTechArt/:  
```$ python execute.py -a runserver```

To run scrapper execute this, where -r takes an amount of records to be pulled:  
```$ python execute.py -r <amount> -a runscrapper```

To show logs:  
```$ python execute.py -a logs```

## How was it tested?

---
The **Postman** application was used to test request methods to API.

Commit message:

update_record() fixed, db and tables creation executed separately
All elif blocks removed. Now the SQL string is formatted with key with method .format().

Now db and tables are created not by running server, but by <python execute.py -a createvault>.

:params added into the docstrings.

README.md fixed.

README.md, after:

# Scrapper for reddit.com

---
## What does it use?
- **Python 3.8**
- **PostgreSQL**, **Psycopg2**
- **Selenium**
- **BeautifulSoup**
- **Git**

## How to install?

---

1. ```$ git clone https://github.com/kurama720/iTechArtLab.git```  
2. Download _chromedriver.exe_ here _https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads_. Choose version according to your
**Chrome** version.  
3. Put driver in _iTechArt/scrapper_ directory.
4. If Windows user, copy an absolute path to driver and write in selenium_driver.py.
5. Install requirements.

## How it works?

---
Parses **reddit.com** with _BeautifulSoup_ and _Selenium_. Searches for given amount of posts in category _Top ->
This Month_. Pulls such info as: _post URL_, _author's username_, _author's karma_, _cake day_, _post karma_,
_comment karma_, _post date_, _number of comments_, _number of votes_ and _post category_. Also assigns a _unique id_
for each record with _uuid_. Posts data on server.  
Scrapping takes ~15 minutes.  
Creates API service processing request methods as GET, POST, PUT, DELETE and containing all the pulled records.  
Divides posted data on author data and post data, then saves it into two tables author and post tables accordingly.

## How to run?
---
Type your _username_, _password_ to PostgreSQL and existing _database_ in directory _database/constant_data.py_.

To create database and tables run this in the foled iTechArt/:  
```% python execute.py -a createvault```

To run server execute this in the folder iTechArt/:  
```$ python execute.py -a runserver```

To run scrapper execute this, where -r takes an amount of records to be pulled:  
```$ python execute.py -r <amount> -a runscrapper```

To show logs:  
```$ python execute.py -a logs```

## How was it tested?

---
The **Postman** application was used to test request methods to API.
